README.md, before:

```
┌───────────────────────────────────────────────┐
                                       _
     __ _  ___   ___  _ __ _ __ ___   (_) ___
    / _` |/ _ \ / _ \| '__| '_ ` _ \  | |/ _ \
   | (_| | (_) | (_) | |  | | | | | |_| | (_) |
    \__, |\___/ \___/|_|  |_| |_| |_(_)_|\___/
    |___/
			     🌩 𝘼𝙣𝙮𝙤𝙣𝙚 𝙘𝙖𝙣 𝙙𝙚𝙫𝙚𝙡𝙤𝙥!
└───────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

# goormIDE

Welcome to goormIDE!

goormIDE is a powerful cloud IDE service to maximize productivity for developers and teams.  
**DEVELOP WITH EXCELLENCE**

`Happy coding! The goormIDE team`

## 🔧 Tip & Guide

-   Command feature
    -   You can simply run your script using the shortcut icons on the top right.
    -   Check out `PROJECT > Common/Build/Run/Test/Find Command` in the top menu.
-   Get URL and Port

    -   Click `PROJECT > URL/PORT` in top menu bar.
    -   You can get default URL/Port and add URL/Port in the top menu.

-   Useful shortcut

| Shortcuts name     | Command (Mac) | Command (Window) |
| ------------------ | :-----------: | :--------------: |
| Copy in Terminal   |     ⌘ + C     | Ctrl + Shift + C |
| Paste in Terminal  |     ⌘ + V     | Ctrl + Shift + V |
| Search File        |   ⌥ + ⇧ + F   | Alt + Shift + F  |
| Terminal Toggle    |   ⌥ + ⇧ + B   | Alt + Shift + B  |
| New Terminal       |   ⌥ + ⇧ + T   | Alt + Shift + T  |
| Code Formatting    |   ⌥ + ⇧ + P   | Alt + Shift + P  |
| Show All Shortcuts |     ⌘ + H     |     Ctrl + H     |

## 💬 Support & Documentation

Visit [https://ide.goorm.io](https://ide.goorm.io) to support and learn more about using goormIDE.  
To watch some usage guides, visit [https://help.goorm.io/en/goormide](https://help.goorm.io/en/goormide)

Commit message:

Allowed more flexibility for subject time blocks. Several distinct time blocks are allowed within one day.

README.md, after:

# SNU Scheduler

Welcome to SNU Scheduler!  
SNU Scheduler is a project aiming to automate the process of generating a schedule.  
For now, we have got the very basics.  
You can add several subjects you would like to take.


The input should be like:

 -   Subject Name: Math 101  
 -   Monday Time: 3-4, 5-6, 7-8 (Any regular expression that goes like [Number, Other Characters, Number] as one set for each interval.)  
 -   Tuesday Time:  
 -   Wednesday Time: 4-5   
 -   Thursday Time:   
 -   Friday Time:  
 -   Weight: 7 (This value must be between 1 and 10)
 
Then, we take all of your subjects and generate the top 6 schedules that maximize weight sum.  

The values for time are stored like
- Monday Time: 3,4,5,6,7,8  
We don't provide a neat frontend yet.


https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-write-a-good-readme-file/

**DEVELOP WITH EXCELLENCE**

`Happy coding! The goormIDE team`

## 🔧 Tip & Guide

-   Useful shortcut

| Shortcuts name     | Command (Mac) | Command (Window) |
| ------------------ | :-----------: | :--------------: |
| Copy in Terminal   |     ⌘ + C     | Ctrl + Shift + C |
| Paste in Terminal  |     ⌘ + V     | Ctrl + Shift + V |
| Search File        |   ⌥ + ⇧ + F   | Alt + Shift + F  |
| Terminal Toggle    |   ⌥ + ⇧ + B   | Alt + Shift + B  |
| New Terminal       |   ⌥ + ⇧ + T   | Alt + Shift + T  |
| Code Formatting    |   ⌥ + ⇧ + P   | Alt + Shift + P  |
| Show All Shortcuts |     ⌘ + H     |     Ctrl + H     |

## 💬 Support & Documentation

Visit [https://ide.goorm.io](https://ide.goorm.io) to support and learn more about using goormIDE.  
To watch some usage guides, visit [https://help.goorm.io/en/goormide]
